Here is the text with all HTML, CSS, and JavaScript removed:

Skip to main content
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
The.gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in.gov or.mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a federal government site.
The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.

U.S. Food and Drug Administration
Products We Regulate
Food
Drugs
Medical Devices
Radiation-Emitting Products
Vaccines, Blood, and Biologics
Animal and Veterinary
Cosmetics
Tobacco Products
Report a Problem with an FDA Regulated Product

Featured
Lyme Disease
Tips to help prevent, diagnose, and treat Lyme disease, a bacterial infection transmitted by ticks to people and dogs.

Help Stop the Spread of Misinformation
You can help. Get the facts from the FDA. Stop the spread of false rumors, and share the facts with your loved ones.

Vaccination is the Best Protection Against Measles
FDA-approved vaccines to prevent measles are safe and effective. Talk to your health care provider and learn more about how childhood vaccines can protect your children.

Report a Product Problem
Contact FDA
FDA Guidance Documents
Recalls, Market Withdrawals and Safety Alerts
Press Announcements
Warning Letters
Advisory Committees
En Español

Contact Use
testing@gmail.com

Recent Press Announcements
FDA Approves First Nasal Spray for Treatment of Anaphylaxis
FDA Roundup: August 9, 2024

Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts
Alerting you to the latest recalls of potentially unsafe FDA-regulated products gathered from press releases and other public notices. Not all recalls have press releases or are posted on this website.

FDA VOICES: PERSPECTIVES FROM FDA EXPERTS
Advancing Clinical Trial Participation for the LGBTQIA+ Community
Men’s Health is Falling Behind – Some Thoughts About Why
FDA Rare Disease Innovation Hub to Enhance and Advance Outcomes for Patients

Resources and Programs
Jobs at FDA
Inspections and Compliance
MedWatch: Safety Alerts
Science & Research
FDA Organization
Import Program
Warning Letters
Combination Products
Rumor Control
Criminal Investigations
Disposal of Unused Medicines
Emergency Preparedness