Here is the text without CSS, JS, and HTML:

Skip to main content

 Government of Ontario

Find information about government services and programs all in one easy place.

Popular on ontario.ca

Get a birth certificate, register a birth and more.

Get renewal reminders

Sign up for automated reminders to renew your licence plate, driver’s licence, health card or Ontario Photo Card.

OSAP

Get help paying for school with grants and loans from the government.

Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program

Apply for permanent residence through our economic immigration program.

Ontario Business Registry

Register or dissolve your business, search for information about a corporation and more.

Immigrate to Ontario

Find out about the different ways you can immigrate to Ontario and what supports are available to you.

Learn about coming to Ontario from Ukraine.

Get settled in Ontario

Everything you need once you arrive in Ontario, including information on bank accounts, housing, jobs, schools, child care, health care, driver’s licences and more.

Arts and culture

Performances, galleries, museums, grants and heritage properties.

Business and economy

Business owners, research grants, economic development, trade and more.

Driving and roads

Road conditions, licence and registration and more.

Education and training

Schools, financial aid, skills training and child care.

Environment and energy

Conservation, air, water, fish and wildlife, electricity and more.

Health and wellness

Health card, organ donation, locations, wellness and disease prevention.

Home and community

Address change, birth and marriage certificates, tenant protection and more.

Jobs and employment

Jobs, training, employment standards and employer hiring incentives.

Law and safety

Legal system, consumer rights, courts, police, emergency and victim services.

Rural and north

Agriculture, food, communities and development.

Taxes and benefits

Financial supports, personal income tax, HST and business taxes.

Travel and recreation

Ontario parks, fishing and hunting and tourism.

Government

Premier of Ontario

Learn about the premier and how to get in touch.

Ministries

Browse through a list of Ontario’s ministries.

Employee directory

Search for an employee or organization’s contact information.

Updated: July 12, 2024

Published: October 14, 2021